it feels like i'm a vessel for all this hatred
i'm going to die
and then eventually they come down again, they fade
all we had to do, we already have done
staying for magic and thoughts
"do you want all this gold?"
order is important
i breathe and also raise my hand
very unsatisfying, compared to something breaking
i lost mine, mine i wasted on it
it can't be in the forest
there are no entrypoints
...and there are five stairs in every corner
there is something greater than i
strangeness: strange implies sick difference
become (a spectacle)
and it goes unpleasant, with the feeling, "let's play infcl()"
what ?  she's probably depressed
this is not a hardblock
the caretakers drove us in the bus to go buy groceries
and.. it's just foggy
the probe is altered also
this is unusual
they're saving the world! i said
perhaps before two years
wasting the maximium amount of time
...and i've been doing it for the product
hygiene, lifespan and goals
"i was just stressed"
less complicated that way. and you don't have to "act out" your identity
where the fuck do i put this
there's one day left
how are you doing
i'm here to hurt you
don't waste time thinking about "being strong, brave or something"
that's not free will
due pensifu ke ŝi estas homo
mi ŝatas ke mi estas rimarkata
and now, back to the usual programme
...i think it's you
we need more of these, because it captures the essence perfectly
it's not tranquile
the shape of that group of buildings is similar to the ones at home, doesn't it
this sucks ass
alice, is that you
not much flour dissolves until the solution becomes saturated
i heard knocking. i eventually looked back
i sometimes feel like a person
will i just fall into the same
perhaps before two years --
this... makes you rethink things you thought
the colour in their eyes faded away day after day
using clues from the environment to get to weak paths
that's not a good thing
respect their boundaries and show them your boundaries
just a moment ago, just a day ago, just a month but not a year ago
done by twelve; ask for more time
beautiful, if fake
it's all workarounds
i guess not a lot has happened
you can drill to the thoughts and mine them
"all ransacked"
i don't know if i want to spend all that time
i want to just lie down
does it seem like i just need to learn to be able to do things
oh god, i feel like a monster
i don't remember what we did after i did go
is everything okay
a colorful drawing of a cat went up to you
but is it... intoxicating? to some extend, sure. but it's not a big deal
i was supposed to... something! i can't fall for this
between the trees is monstrous, horrendous murder
i'm just left somewhere. i would like to be a part of whatever
turn off social media if it makes you feel uncomfortable
its going to repeat tomorrow its just going to fucking repeat tomorrow isn't it
while certainly soul-crushing, could also, somehow be
i can just push through it. it doesn't worry me
fuck, just reset and pick up stuff before embarking
you walk in and out of some rooms in this apartment. there's their laptop
why this shit again
did it overheat
sense. all the time and everywhere. get your fucking head off stuck of your ass
blue roots spring on the board's surface
an eternity of immortal suffering after consciousness dies, so there's no more suffering
just ask again or talk again soon
i need to get up soon
ha ha ha, what is this day rhythm
what bothers me is the worry that i'm doing something wrong
...all because something i didn't have any control over
some of you here are fucking hateful and it shows
idk what i'm even expecting of everyone at this point
prepare for infinite agony
"what's having weight on you?"
thinking about how lazy i was being. how incompetent i was being
there would be nothing intrinsically wrong with that
there are eight objects in the entire universe
i grab the pawn away. the roots stay
maybe i should have been like, that's kinda fucked up, or something
i wait as long as needed
that was nice. i suppose that it's just something that happens
